LITTLE FLOWERS
And on my birthday. I'm going to sing you
a special song. "Rain On Our Love."
Each raindrop drip drops
On the roof of her porch
Secretly desiring a look
Waiting. and then not…
I'm leaving for work.
Mom. I'm recording!
Just keep messing with that camera. buddy.
then. when you break it.
you'll get a real bruising.
Lock the door after I leave.
Yes. Mom.
The forecast for today
is heavy showers with thunder.
with a high level of magnetism.
heaviest in the area around
the hydroelectric dam west of the city.
Residents. please take caution
when using electronic devices.
I've cooked you dinner.
Eat and then go to your tutor.
Mom. you should stay home today.
It's about to rain.
You think food grows on trees or what?
Mom. do you remember what day tomorrow is?
What's tomorrow?
Go get my raincoat.
SPECIAL PROMOTION
Here's your raincoat. Mom.
Thanks.
Mom. do you really not remember
what day tomorrow is?
It's the day I get paid.
What day do you think it is?
Be good. I'm going to work.
She never remembers anything.
Each raindrop drip drops
On the roof of her porch
Secretly desiring…
Pick up the phone. Mom!
The number you have dialed
is not available. Please try again later.
Is… there anyone home?
Phong!
Come here.
Help me! Anybody. help! I don't know
where this kid came from.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY. SON
Wrap it for me. please.
Your son is really going to like it
-Phong. Phong.
-Trung!
-Phong!
Go home!
Phong!
LIEN NGHIA TOWN
20 YEARS LATER
After pouring down
yesterday afternoon and evening.
the storm blew to the west
and weakened to a tropical depression.
leaving the city peaceful.
with beautiful skies.
PRESS "A" TO CATCH A BUTTERFLY
AND COMPLETE THE TASK
Hey. how come you're playing
video games and not sleeping?
I can't sleep.
Can't sleep? Why can't you sleep?
This room is so cold. As cold as bingsu.
Oh. okay. So you're
playing games to warm up?
Here. I know how to
warm you up real quick.
Don't. don't! Yeah. I'm warm!
-Are you warmed up yet? Huh?
-Yeah. Yeah.
-You're warmed up. right?
-Yeah.
Okay. Then get ready to go to school.
Hurry.
Hey. Puppy. I put the permission slip
to go camping in your backpack.
Remember to give it to your teacher.
Yes. Mom.
Don't tell me it's a long way home.
You promised to come home.
Puppy was waiting for you all night.
If it's too far. Let's just
move back to the old house.
I haven't even taken
all our stuff out yet.
Come on.
I don't want to have to
spend the night away from you either.
There are so many things going on
right now. I need you beside me.
Okay. I'll make it up to you
this afternoon. Everyone is here.
I have a meeting.
Hey. don't forget
we're eating dinner with Trung.
Yeah. I remember.
Love you. Bearcake.
Go work.
After he calls you Bearcake.
you look nice and fresh.
like you've just had an energy drink.
You're such an idiot.
If I were you. I'd just stay home.
be a housewife. and let my husband
take care of me.
You better get on the prowl. then.
Yeah. sure I'm a cougar.
but who's gonna hunt me at this age?
Looks like you've been doing
some hunting of your own.
Hey. how's your new house?
It's pretty big. nice and open.
It's just a little tough because it's
so far from Puppy's school.
Quan leaves early in the morning
and only comes home at night.
I don't understand why he has to buy
this house and move out so quickly.
He's a businessman. When you get
a good deal. you grab it right away.
Come on. Let's get to work.
I want to go home early today.
Congratulations. Doctor.
Your new paper is excellent.
Especially the section
discussing crossover
between the temporal lobes and memory.
That's the heart of it.
-Trang.
-Yes?
How did your surgery exam go this month?
I'll probably wait for the next one.
Trang. how long are you going to wait?
You could become one of the best doctors.
But I've already chosen
to be the best mom.
-But--
-Doctor. we can't find patient Quang!
I'm sure I locked the door.
When we pushed the cart in here.
Mr. Quang wasn't there.
Why is this door not locked?
I'm not sure why.
He obviously climbed
out the window into the yard.
Go look at the security
camera footage. Hurry!
Yes. Doctor.
Twenty years! And no one
believes my research.
Mr. Quang!
Mr. Quang. wait!
The hurricane is here.
Sam is going to destroy everything.
No. look around. It's a beautiful day.
There's no storm coming.
The magnetism is everywhere.
Radio waves will be lost.
Everything is going to explode.
I know. but that was hurricane Sam
20 years ago.
There won't be a hurricane today.
The weather forecast said so.
That's right.
What does the weatherman know?
What do you know?
-I know.
-Twenty years ago. you were just a kid.
Because I'm also
a victim of hurricane Sam.
What?
What happened to you?
It's a long story. Just put it down
and I'll tell you. Okay?
I'm so sorry for putting you out again.
I know you're busy. but we have to figure
something out. I can't do this forever.
Okay. I know.
next time. I'll work it out better.
Don't worry about it. Oh. remember
to bring Puppy early tomorrow.
They're going on their camping trip.
Okay. Thank you so much.
-I have to take this call.
-Yeah.
Puppy.
Mommy.
-Let's go home.
-Okay.
Let's go.
Hi. Daddy!
Come here. Daddy
came home early to see Puppy.
Hey Bearcake. you're home late.
Where are you going? Give me
your backpack. Give me your jacket.
-Give me!
-I win! I win!
-This is my room. I won!
-You're so fast.
Okay. this is your room. so tonight.
you sleep here by yourself. all right?
No. I'm sleeping with Mommy and Daddy.
Hey. honey. is this our stuff or theirs?
This is the old owner's stuff.
Okay. Make sure we give it back to them.
Are you ready to go eat?
It's still early. Let's try and get some
work done first. Puppy. go downstairs.
Mommy and Daddy are going to clean up.
It's going to be really dusty.
But I want to help Daddy clean up.
Hand me those books.
Good girl.
Mommy. what is this?
Oh. ask Daddy.
What? Oh. this! This is a souvenir
from the first time Daddy and Mommy met.
It's pretty. isn't it.
you little sleepyhead?
Here!
Sometimes. if you miss
an appointment by an hour.
you have to wait a hundred years
before you meet again.
Do you remember what I had to
go through to get you that clock?
Yes. I remember.
You don't shut up about it.
Do you remember Trung lost a bet to me?
Mommy!
There's a TV here. Mommy!
It still works.
Hey. that's cool.
-Is that guy in our room. Mommy?
-And on my birthday.
-He lived here before.
-I'm going to sing you a special song.
"Rain On Our Love".
Each raindrop drip drops
On the roof of her porch…
November 22. Hey. that's today.
In 1999. if this kid was this big…
Now he's probably about your age.
Were you like him then?
Secretly desiring…
Each raindrop drip drops
On the roof of her porch
Secretly desiring…
What was that?
Turn it off.
-What?
-It's okay.
It's okay.
Come here. I got you.
Come to Daddy.
Hi. Trang!
How many times have I told you.
Don't mess with stuff in the kitchen.
I just wanted to help you.
All right. go study.
My finger hurts.
How am I going to do my homework?
That's your left hand.
You still have your right hand. right?
Mommy. come upstairs with me.
Don't be so whiny. If I go up with you.
who's going to clean up this mess?
I'm coming up to check in a little bit.
How am I going to hide it?
Everyone knows. man.
Oh. thanks. You didn't have to.
Here. this is for your dad.
to show him our gratitude.
Oh man. I don't know about gratitude.
but these will definitely get eaten.
Thanks a bunch.
Back in the day.
if I had a little more guts.
this guy would be the neighbor.
I'd be the husband.
Man. how can a Honda Wave
compete with a Harley?
What were you guys
whispering about just now?
Oh. Trung wants to invest in
some real estate. I'm helping him out.
Oh right. Because my truck is so old.
I have to invest in land to get a new one.
Stop scratching your elbow.
Tell the truth.
Actually. we were just
talking about that kid. Nothing much.
What kid?
The kid in the video. He's Trung's friend.
Oh. great. Can you help me
take all his stuff back to him?
This stuff? How can I? He's dead.
How did he die?
Because… He got hit by a truck.
I remember. It was on this date
20 years ago.
I feel most sorry for his mom.
She went to the market
to buy a guitar for his birthday.
When she got back. he was dead.
How can it be such a coincidence?
Are you sure you remember right?
Yeah. I remember very clearly. I saw it.
It was when…
when hurricane Sam came through.
I have no idea why the kid went out
in the wind and rain like that.
Something was bound to happen. Man.
Or maybe because of the scream?
What scream?
In the video we saw. the boy was recording
when the neighbor screamed.
The neighbor? Oh. Mr. Son.
What Mr. Son?
Mr. Son across the street.
Who do you think?
There. that's his house.
Across the street.
Listen to me. Go home. You're drunk.
You're crazy. I'm not drunk.
He was the one who was drunk.
That's why he killed his wife.
All right. that's enough.
Go home. Come again another day.
On that day. he killed his wife.
The police came and took him away.
The whole neighborhood knew.
But actually. he wasn't arrested.
he confessed.
He even confessed that he was intending
to bury his wife's body at Gate 3
of the hydroelectric dam.
I'm not telling you these things
to scare you
because. actually.
this happened a long time ago.
Twenty years ago. Mr. Son
might even be out of prison by now.
Trung! Hey. Trung!
-Yeah?
-Trung. come home.
-What's up. Mom?
-Trung. let's go home.
Mom. you're sick.
Why did you come over here?
Come home. quick. The hurricane
is almost here. Come home.
Auntie. calm down. The weather report
said the hurricane is going to blow over.
-Yeah.
-What do you know?
Mom.
Hurricane 11
has unexpectedly changed course.
In two hours. it will hit
the western part of the city.
It is projected that this storm will have
the same destructive power
as the record-breaking Sam from 1999.
WEATHER FORECAST
I told you. I want to
move back to the old house.
Be careful with this door.
If you close it. it'll lock.
Tomorrow I'll change the lock.
Did you hear what I said?
Accidents happen everywhere.
People die everywhere.
But this isn't an accident.
This is murder!
Twenty years. Maybe he is out of jail now.
Don't you care about Puppy?
Come over here and sit down.
I want to talk to you.
Listen to me. My company has data
about all the people around here.
As for the boy. he died a long time ago.
Mr. Son was arrested. There's nothing
more to it. This area is very safe now.
I know it is difficult for you and Puppy.
but everything has its price.
In two months. this area is going up
for zoning reimbursement.
So what's more important to you?
Money or your wife and daughter?
I'm making money for us.
We don't know what could happen tomorrow.
I'm right here.
There's nothing to worry about.
Okay. fine. I'll trust you for now.
But what about this?
Do you know who that belongs to?
I don't know.
I just know it was in your bag.
Come here. I want to see
if my feeling is right.
Looks pretty good. doesn't it?
I know you're busy. but do you remember
what the day after tomorrow is?
You don't remember?
Our wedding anniversary.
Yeah. I bought them yesterday morning.
When I went to look for them.
I only found one earring.
I'll buy another pair.
I'm sorry.
Don't worry about it.
Everything will be all right.
But I really feel sorry
for that kid and his mother.
Yeah. but what can we do about it?
Quan.
Storm 11 will bring
heavy rains and thunder.
It will change direction
within the next two hours.
blowing towards the western part
of the city. There'll be heavy magnetism.
A heavy storm is predicted.
All residents should take
necessary precautions.
This storm is as strong as
the record-setting Sam.
Hey. Who's there?
A ghost!
Ghost? Where?
Quan. Quan!
Wait. Hey. miss.
You can't open it that way.
Please don't hurt my family!
Miss. are you speaking to me?
Why does it look so much like my room?
The only thing that's different
is that clock over there.
I'll tell you how to open the door.
But stay here and play with me
for a little bit.
Right on the handle.
there's a little hole.
Just get a stick and stick it in.
pull it down. and it'll open.
There! Miss!
Hey. miss. someone's
getting beaten up over there.
I saw someone stabbing them with scissors.
I have to find someone to help.
Phong! Don't go!
But they need my help!
If you go. you're going to die!
What do you mean?
Phong. you must believe me
because I come from the future.
You like "Rain On Our Love".
by Dan Truong. right?
Phong. just stay put in your room.
Your mom's about to come home.
She's going to give you
a guitar for your birthday.
Miss. I can't hear you clearly.
Phong. just stay in your room.
-Your mom's about to get home.
-Miss. Miss!
Phong! Your mom's about to get home.
Phong. just stay in your room.
-Phong. stay at home. Your mom…
-Miss. miss.
-Your mom's about to get home.
-Miss. Miss!
Phong.
Miss. Miss!
Hey. do you even know how to drive?
Hey someone's gonna get killed
with that kind of driving!
Mom!
Hey. Why aren't you in bed yet?
Mom. something really weird just happened.
Are you dreaming again?
That's what you get for watching
those violent shows all day long.
No. it's not that. I saw a lady.
She came from the future.
She even said that you're
going to buy me a birthday present.
You don't need to remind me.
Here's your present.
Wow! Thanks. Mom!
You're a big boy now.
You should help me out more.
SOMETIMES A HURRICANE CAN RESULT
FROM THE FLAPPING OF A BUTTERFLY'S WINGS
THOUSANDS OF MILES AWAY.
A SMALL CHANGE IN ACTION CAN LEAD TO
A MONUMENTAL CHANGE IN OUTCOME.
THE BUTTERFLY EFFECT
Puppy.
Quan.
Taxi!
Teacher.
Excuse me. miss. but did Puppy
go on the outing this morning?
The outing was canceled
because of the storm.
but there's no one here called Puppy.
What do you mean. miss?
Puppy is Nguyen Phuong My.
your student for over two years now.
I'm sorry. There's no one here
by the name of Nguyen Phuong My.
Good morning. Teacher!
-Miss.
-Sit down. kids.
Puppy sits right here. miss.
I told you. in this class.
there's no one called Puppy.
Chuong. Puppy sits
right here. doesn't she?
I don't know.
It's time to start class now. Please leave
the classroom. If not. I'll call security.
What is this? Where's my daughter?
Hey. kids. Puppy sits here.
doesn't she. kids?
The number you have called
is not in service. Please…
Thank you. sir.
Storm update. Due to a sudden change
in direction yesterday.
Storm 11 has had several complications.
In the city center. near the eye
of the storm. it is quieting.
but within the next 24 hours. there
could be a heavy downpour and high winds.
followed by thunder and lightning.
All residents. please be forewarned.
Take all necessary precautions
and avoid going outside if unnecessary.
THE BEAT OF SPLENDOR
So how many here believe
they're going to be millionaires?
Very good. There is no easy path. Only
hard work leads to millions. am I right?
-Yes.
-Quan.
There are no difficult customers.
only customers whose perspective
we don't yet understand.
For example. this young lady.
for instance.
She's not very well-dressed.
but who knows. she may potentially be
a very valuable customer. Right?
Quan. I can't find Puppy.
Did you hear that? It appears that
she needs an apartment that allows pets.
I went to the school.
and I couldn't find her anywhere.
And you need it to be
near your child's school for easy drop off
and pick up. is that right?
I'm serious. I'm not joking.
There. Remember to never become
simply a middleman in the eyes of--
Stop it! Our child is missing!
Listen. I don't know who you are. but this
is a very important meeting for me.
Don't bother me. Go away.
Quan. Look at me. I'm your wife. Quan.
-Look at me.
-I'm not your husband.
Look at me. Quan.
-I'm your wife. Quan.
-Are you crazy?
-Look at me. I…
Quan. look at me.
I'm your wife. Let me go.
Quan. I'm his wife.
It's just a misunderstanding.
Let me go!
I'm your wife! Let me go!
There's no problem.
Ms. Vu Thu Trang.
Please sit.
So you misidentified your husband?
I went to find Quan to tell him
our daughter is missing.
You are charged with creating
a disturbance at Asia Real Estate.
and Nguyen Trung Quan.
the man you claim is your husband.
is the one pressing charges.
Nguyen Trung Quan is my husband.
All right. Do you remember anything
about your husband and daughter?
I was talking to him…
Everything is still very clear to me.
Le Phong. Would like to play
the song "Rain on our Love". Miss!
Oh. I met a boy.
I thought you had a girl.
Yes. but that boy…
lived in my house 20 years ago.
And so how did you meet him?
Do you remember anything about him?
Come on. We're wasting time.
If you don't give me all the necessary
information. then we can't help you.
Le Phong is the name of the boy.
That's all I remember.
Ms. Trang. according to the information
you've provided.
along with our investigation.
Mr. Nguyen Trung Quan
and you are not married.
There is no birth certificate
for Nguyen Phuong My.
I know that you're quite disturbed
at the moment.
but I need to do some paperwork
before I can let you go.
Give me another one.
This bill is torn. How can I use it?
Come on. This is still good. Here.
Thank you. miss.
You don't have any bigger bills?
Hey. do you know where Mr. Son is?
I've been by a few times.
but he's never home.
How should I know? I don't live with him.
The people's committee of the city donated
the friendship clock to the post office
at 7 a.m. this morning
to celebrate the post office bus station
officially coming into service.
Hey. Mom.
It's 30.000 dong more than last month.
Mom. look at the TV. At the post office.
they put up a clock exactly like the one
belonging to the lady from the future.
Hey. Mom. yesterday I heard someone
screaming from inside Mr. Son's house.
How many times have I told you.
Don't stick your nose
into other people's business.
But…
But nothing. You're not
watching TV. Why is it on?
Because I'm waiting
for the lady from the future.
Who knows. Maybe she'll come back.
I knew it. Watching movies all the time.
you're brain's turned to mush.
Here. take this money to auntie Duyen.
buy me a bottle of soy sauce.
so I can cook tonight.
So many things to do.
LITTLE FLOWERS
Hey. do you remember
what that lady said the other day?
She just told me not to go outside.
And how the heck did she know my mom
was buying me a guitar for my birthday?
Sounds like Doraemon.
Hey. man. I have to get going.
My mom's going to yell at me.
Okay. See you later.
Yeah.
What are you looking for?
I need a barrel.
Here. Exactly the kind you need.
Really waterproof. With the lid on.
Waterproof. Airtight.
It looks like the temporal lobe has been
affected. so it's created false memories.
Doctor. I've helped you
with hundreds of cases like this before.
I'm perfectly fine.
We need to take an MRI so we can have
a good look at that hemisphere.
I haven't had brain surgery.
Why do you need to take an MRI?
It's a request from the police.
They need to see the results.
Go ahead.
Please go to the examination room.
Le Phong… the song… "Love Song."
I'm so dizzy all of a sudden.
All right. Go take a rest
in the next room. Okay?
How many times have I told you. You're not
allowed to wear this inside the hospital.
But I'm cold.
The storm's about to get here.
Let's go.
Thank you. I'm so thirsty.
Can you get me a cup of water?
It's probably a side effect
of the medicine. I'll get you some water.
Thanks.
I have to connect with the boy.
Hello? I told you not to call.
Everything is okay.
What necklace? Okay. I'll look for it.
Just follow the plan.
OUTPATIENT DEPARTMENT
I remember this door was locked.
Nguyet. Where are you. Nguyet?
Phong.
To the lady from the future. You didn't
come back. so I took the TV. Phong.
Mom.
Mom. Catch me. Mom!
Slow down.
Honey.
Call the police.
Hey. why don't you just let Trung do that?
I'm still healthy enough to do it.
Then can you take this box
out for me. Dad?
Hey. you're the strapping young man here.
Trung. why don't you just go tomorrow?
It looks like a storm's coming.
I know. Mom. but if I don't go now.
they're going to dock points off.
And I'm just going out
to the district market.
Guarantee I'll be back before the storm.
This kid. Will it kill you to just wait
until the storm passes?
Yeah. Me and my business.
I can't believe you.
I'm leaving now. Mom.
Hurry back home. Don't make
your mom wait up. You hear?
Yeah. I know. I'll be back soon. Dad.
Stay home and take care of Mom.
Why did the storm have to come today?
It's been 20 years. right?
I'll drop by there.
It's cold outside.
Why don't you tell your boyfriend
to come over and hug you tight?
Why are you working so hard right now?
Come on. I don't have a boyfriend
Liar.
-I'm still single.
-Oh shit.
Nothing.
-What's wrong?
-No.
Trung.
What?
I…
Get out! Who are you?
We used to know each other.
What?
You have a habit of scratching
your elbow every time you lie.
When you were a kid. your hair used to be
curly. so they called you Curly Trung.
You have a friend named Phong.
And even now. you still like to read
Doraemon comics.
So you're a fan.
Are you really into me or what?
Trung. I need to find Phong.
You mean you connected with Phong
through his TV?
So then you told him to wait at home
for his mom to give him that guitar. yes?
How did you know?
You act like you're the only one
who's read that book. I read it too.
You and Phong tell exactly
the same story as the book.
Here. Right?
PARALLEL
I swear.
The guy who wrote this
also knew that Phong's birthday
was the same day as Storm Sam.
It's a pretty good read.
It's just all that about
the butterfly effect. or the bird effect.
I don't get it.
As for the TV and the camcorder. sounds
exactly like the one he used to use.
Hey. now that I think about it.
you're just like the drawing.
So. who's the owner of that book?
You or Phong? And who is Professor Sam?
The Institute for Research and
Technological Development of Electricity.
Where is that?
It's close to here. If…
No. I can't take you there.
I still have deliveries to do.
and I still don't have a wife or kids yet.
There's a lot of electricity in there.
Step in there. I'll definitely be sterile.
Trung. I need to go there.
For my daughter.
Okay but I'm only taking you there.
then I'm leaving. all right?
Thank you. You always help me out.
You crazy? This is the first time
we've met. What are you talking about?
In another reality. we were friends.
Back then. I was a first-year student
at medical school.
Every morning. I would wake up at 6:05.
then leave the house by 6:20.
I would buy banh mi at the shop
across the street before bus 16 came.
After three songs. I'd get to
the transfer station at the post office.
Five minutes before bus 24 arrived
to take me to school.
Every day was like that. Until one day.
That day. I had an exam.
I woke up five minutes late
because I stayed up late the night before.
I quickly left the house. When I got
to the bus stop. the bus had just left.
Hey!
Five minutes later. another bus came.
I knew that if I was quick.
I'd still be able to catch bus 24.
I ran after the bus. but I didn't know
that waking up late that morning
would change my life.
That was when we met.
That was the first time I saw Quan.
Then we got married
and had a lovely daughter together.
Hey. freshen up. We're here.
This is the last stop for me. all right?
Hey. The storm's about to come.
Get home soon.
You too.
Mister. can you…
Mr. Quang?
-Mr.…
-Do we know each other?
Excuse me. I need to
talk with Professor Sam.
-Do you know--
-The professor is very busy.
He doesn't have time.
But I need to ask about this book.
Why do you believe in those silly books?
I believe in it because
I'm the woman in this book.
Follow me.
Hello. lady from the future.
I'm Sam. Professor Sam.
You… You're the one who wrote that book?
Yes.
But how did you know
about me and that boy?
It happened 20 years ago.
I remember the event 20 years ago
very clearly.
If we can create a cloud
that's electrically charged
enough to work with
the compatible equipment.
time machines are possible.
Time machines?
Exactly.
Everyone thought I'd lost my mind
when I spent all my time researching
breaches in time.
That was when that woman appeared.
That day. she told me the story.
and I listened.
She told me a story
that sounded impossible.
A meeting between her son and a woman
from the future through the TV.
Leaving the question.
could that actually happen?
At that time. I only dared to
tell her that it might be possible.
Maybe.
Thank you. sir.
Bye.
After that. I became Phong.
To write the book about you in the hopes
that someday you would appear
and my research would be completed.
Ms. Trang. can you tell me
how your story ended?
I just want to know how to get back.
In theory. you can return
on three conditions.
One. equipment.
The actual TV and camcorder.
Second. location.
You must be at Phong's house.
And third. the same electrical conditions
as the storm that was happening that time.
But what if the storm has already passed?
Then that opening will be forever closed.
and you'll never be able to return.
At this time. Hurricane 11 is moving
in a west-southwest direction
at 25 km per hour.
It is estimated that the destructive power
of the storm will be at its highest
in the next eight hours before weakening
and becoming a tropical depression.
It is recommended that all residents stay
in their homes until the storm passes.
We'll continue to update you
with further information.
Ms. Trang.
Why are you here?
I didn't do anything wrong.
That's my car. The only way
you're going to leave here.
After 20 years. a big storm
and the name "Le Phong".
Though I didn't have many leads.
I was able to find you.
Let's go back to the hospital.
then let's go to the station.
What for? I don't have much more time.
The boy. Le Phong. is connected to a case
that is presently under investigation.
Are you saying you want to go by yourself?
I know the case you're talking about.
I even know where they've hidden the body.
I think we need to negotiate.
OUTFALL NO. 3
Detective.
Looks like there's something here.
PARALLEL
SIX HOURS BEFORE THE STORM ARRIVES
So you're not letting me go yet?
We had an agreement.
Everything's changed.
Now. you're a witness of a crime.
So I have to keep you to investigate.
But I don't have much more time.
Ms. Trang. have you ever questioned
your life as it is right now?
You've never been married. have you?
I wish this was just a long dream.
Tomorrow morning. I'll wake up.
and everything will return to normal.
I can only help you until here.
MIRAGE APTS. ROOM 501
What is this?
Didn't you say
you wanted to find Le Phong?
-Yes. But why--
-Go!
Before I change my mind.
The city police have put out a warrant
for the arrest of Ms. Le Thi Duyen
and Mr. Ha Quang Son.
They are suspects
-in a murder case where the body
-You came here to watch the news?
was hidden near the hydroelectric dam
20 years earlier.
My name is Le Thi Duyen.
Tell us what your relationship is
with Mr. Ha Quang Son.
We are husband and wife.
So. have you found the thing I requested?
Yes. we found it on Ms. Duyen's person.
Hello. sir.
Mr. Son. how do you feel
upon seeing your wife again?
I don't understand what you're asking me.
As we're waiting for the results
of the tests. let me tell you a story.
On exactly this date 20 years ago…
On an afternoon of a big storm.
there was a poor woman standing
on the corner. looking towards a house.
She hesitated for a long while.
then decided to walk towards the house
because she wanted to find
someone in that house.
Or more correctly. find the truth.
The woman should have
turned around and gone home.
-Nguyet?
-What do you want?
There's someone I need to meet.
I'm here by myself.
I'm sorry.
-Phong. Le Phong.
-Because. that way.
she could have avoided seeing a truth
that hurt her deeply.
Hey. I have to go into the meeting now.
Yeah. everyone's here. What?
Of course not. I love you. Bearcake.
That's my spot.
So you're the neighbor?
So you slept with this
entire neighborhood. you old whore.
Shut up.
Yeah. I'm a whore. but at least I was able
to give your husband a child.
What?
What is she talking about?
Huh?
Please don't say anymore.
You…
Honey.
Run.
Let me go.
Stop! Stop!
Anyone! Help me!
When you were doing this.
did you ever think about your child?
That's none of your business.
This is my personal affair. As long as
I go home and do my duties as a husband.
Quan. I need to access
your company's information.
No. you can't.
That's confidential.
Really? This seems
pretty confidential too.
Do you recognize this necklace?
What necklace?
All right. I'll look for it.
Just follow the plan.
On November 23. 1999.
at the Vietnam - Laos border.
Ms. Luong Thanh Thu crossed into Laos.
She used a fake passport
because. at that time.
Ms. Thu was inside a barrel under
the runoff of the hydroelectric dam.
The person who crossed the border
was actually Ms. Le Thi Duyen.
the owner of this necklace. Your plan
was perfect. except for one thing.
-No.
-Give it back to me. please.
-Phong.
-Le Phong...
-Phong!
...the boy that picked up the necklace
and accused you of murder.
Phong!
That didn't happen.
He's a thief.
He's a liar.
Yes.
He's a thief.
Or you turned him into a liar.
You made him a thief.
-Hello.
-Just now. Phong was over at my house.
-Yes.
He took my wife's necklace as a joke.
I'd like to have it back. please.
Oh. I'm so sorry.
The boy became a thief
and a liar in the eyes of his own mother.
Give it to him.
At that time. that boy.
Le Phong. was defeated by you.
But that boy never stopped
looking for the truth.
There's only one person named Le Phong.
That's the only reason
he's lasted until now.
So this guy lived in my house
20 years ago.
After 20 years.
the storm has returned and blown away
all the lies that you created.
You mean…
Yes.
I am Le Phong.
It's time you paid for your crimes.
Right now. I'm in the western part
of the city. and the rain is pouring down.
The wind has broken many branches.
making it extremely difficult
to get around.
Luckily. the residents of the city
have evacuated in time.
The storm will continue
to move west-southwest
and is expected to be
the strongest storm in five years.
OUTPATIENT DEPARTMENT
THE STORM ARRIVES
Phong.
Phong! Le Phong!
So you've come?
Why did you do that?
Why did you joke around with me?
Because you saved my life.
After that. everything started to change.
Not long after. my family moved.
I had to see a therapist.
I wanted to end everything
so I wouldn't have to suffer anymore.
But then… I thought of you.
I thought of the person that saved me.
The only clue I had was the clock.
I wanted to see you again to thank you.
I would always sit there.
and the clock would always be running.
As for you. I never saw you.
I got hired
as a postal delivery man there.
Until I was tired of waiting.
And I was afraid that I was delusional.
But just at that moment.
I saw you.
My past and my future
met at that place and time.
You saved my life again.
You tricked me. I need the TV.
The TV… Where is it?
I need the TV.
I don't have much more time.
The TV.
I remember now.
I was always afraid this day would come.
The day you would disappear from my life.
Then it happened.
So you misidentified your husband?
You were treating me like a stranger.
I took you to Doctor Minh.
but you still didn't remember anything.
Then you escaped the hospital.
And I looked for you everywhere.
Then. when I found you again.
I followed you to make sure you were safe.
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
It's okay. Everything is okay now.
You're back with me now.
Mommy!
I…
I can't. I can't stay here.
Why not?
I can't forget my daughter.
Puppy needs me.
But Puppy and that life don't exist.
It would have existed
if you didn't look for me.
What about me? What am I to you?
I wish…
we would have met in a different way.
Trang.
What are you doing?
I know you still have the TV.
Calm down.
Tomorrow.
everything will be back to normal.
Yes. tomorrow.
Trang.
Don't you see this is unfair to me?
-Trang.
-I saved you once.
Trang.
Now it's your turn to save me.
-Phong.
-Mister… Mister…
-Who are you? Mom!
-Phong. I'm you in the future.
Dan Truong. Dan Truong.
"Rain On Our Love". Remember?
Where is the lady from the other day?
-Forget her.
-Mister. I can't hear you.
-Phong.
-Mister.
Don't look for her.
-Don't look for her.
Then she will return.
Puppy!
Why are you crying. Mommy?
I love you.
Why are you getting so emotional
so early in the morning?
Puppy. go and pack your things. We're
going to Grandma's house for a few days.
Yeah! Let's go. Daddy!
-What's going on?
-No school!
Today is our wedding anniversary.
Go celebrate with your girlfriend.
Mommy. why isn't Daddy going with us?
Because he has to go
with someone more important.
Then let's leave him at home. Let's go!
Get on the bike.
Let's go.
POLICE DEPARTMENT
I'd like to report a murder.